welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insights to help you skyrocket your own
[Music]
business
welcome back to a fresh episode of sam's
growth show i am delighted to be joined
by tanya
kunzer today tanya is a neuroscience
coach
and highly sought after international
keynote speaker
thought leader and corporate consultant
specializing in the realms of
consciousness
leadership and transformation tanya has
been bringing the science psychology and
maths to sales since
2011 with proven outcomes she's one of
the most prominent speakers on
neuroscience based
conscious business development globally
and a published author of three
books she created a two-year sales
diploma in south africa through
s-e-t-a the publication women the
conversation chose tanya as one of the
top 40 most
inspiring women shaping africa in 2019
on the international stage she has been
a panel expert
at the sales enablement soiree in london
and san francisco
upcoming is toronto in vegas tanya was
also a bessemer
judge in london due to her community
upliftment focus
she was a noticed international platform
and elected a
linkedin goodwill ambassador in 2017 and
she's a former
cnbc africa anchor of her series
healthy business tanya a warm welcome
how are you doing
thank you so much what a lovely
introduction thank you
excellent that's a hefty list of key
achievements there talia
and really excited to to jump in today
and learn a bit more about
yourself really we'd love to learn your
background
how you got into the business world a
few of the key companies you worked at
and the actionable tips you can share
with our audience in terms of sales
in terms of business growth and in terms
of marketing and then it'll be
interesting to learn a bit more
we can dive into psychology side of
things with sales
and learn a bit more about the
techniques that you use to scale your
company
where it is today in terms of digital
marketing in terms of offline marketing
yeah so if you could guide us and if we
could learn a bit more about utania that
would be great
perfect well i am a neuroscience coach
and i also studied business coaching and
that all makes a lot of sense when i
explain my early days so
both my mom and my dad are professional
artists
and i didn't have a familial
background in business and i think
that my right brain creative capacity is
actually
what has helped me in the business space
and
i didn't really want to go into the art
and follow in their footsteps i
had a yearning for business and i cut
my teeth on sales in the early days and
then i moved into strategy and then i
moved into
marketing and as i climbed the ladder it
was always in those areas
and the very first serious job i had on
you want to call it that or career move
that i had was for nine years
and i was in the wellness space and
pioneered wellness in south africa we
did the very first proof of concept
for a company called rain merchant bank
and it was the first wellness center in
south africa and then we
we did about 23 other large
multinationals throughout the country
from that time
and that led me into the international
realm so
i opened up 23 countries for exports
into europe and asia and did a lot of
traveling globally
at that point um and then from there
a lot of take parts for me there were
how
critical and pertinent soft skills were
in the corporate space so in that
company i started off with sales and
strategy and
marketing and i literally ran everything
including international
exports and i learned about all of these
these dynamics and it was really
wonderful to to get all that experience
and then from there i went into working
with cnbc
and i conceptualized co-produced
and presented my show on cnbc africa
called healthy business
and the premise of the show was all
about the financial benefits
of soft skills essentially a healthy
business mind body energy
and that's what then led me into
starting my company because after
studying my coaching and realizing
what i did differently in sales and all
the sales teams that i've managed as a
sales manager along the way
i was able to apply the practicality so
i've got the practical skills and the
learn
skills and then i bring the science the
maths the psychology
into the business development space or
the sales enablement space all
encompassing
and into the leadership space so not
only sales leadership but leadership
at large so that is my journey do you
have any questions
awesome so in terms of there's we've
covered a lot in a very short space of
time so the first role we talked about
there tanya
um you said it nine years was it out
bank did you say so it'd be interesting
to learn a bit more about what you were
doing what you were selling
it sounded like you grew pretty quickly
over the nine years and you branched out
to many different countries
so it'd be interesting to learn the
secrets and how you're able to progress
so fast
all right so in those nine years the
company was actually a wellness company
so it leaned heavily into the soft
skills and we
had a whole consortium of people and
then we started a proof of concept with
a bank in south africa one of the
largest banks
and in that organization i went in at
the entry level starting off
in the sales role and then became sales
manager and then
ended up as as literally two i see to
the owner of the organization
and we collaborated with psychologists
and psychiatrists and anybody that you
could bring into that soft skills space
all the way through to even personal
trainers were brought into the
environment
and the whole premise of that
organization was to enable the
individual
within that organization that we would
be dealing with
to be at their peak performance so that
they in turn could impact the financial
bottom line of that company
and that was a nine-year journey and
absolutely phenomenal
the lessons they were incredible i think
i really
was able to work on a global platform i
was doing online
uh sales management right back in
back in the days of sort of 2000 so
learning how to use technology how to
work with individuals how to understand
how the different countries operated
so when i teach globally and i i go
because the premise of my business now
is obviously consulting and
growing and developing sales teams and
growing and developing
leaders and you know that's
working globally for those since gosh
all those years ago
really helped me to understand that
there is no one-size-fits-all you know
you can't create a model and go
oh that applies to america that applies
to europe
each country each city operates
differently
so i think that was my big big take out
there and then not only that
each individual operates differently got
it so working with different individuals
working with different nations different
countries so when we talk about
wellness um how would you say that
reflects
into sales and into business in general
tanya in terms of someone's well-being
so let's perhaps relate it to a business
fact let's say
you've had a hard week at the office
it's thursday or it's friday afternoon
um you've got to make calls to hit your
weekly target and you're feeling drained
um what things can we do that perhaps we
aren't doing
when we're busy when we've got a lot
over our heads that we perhaps don't
think about that could help us to
perform better
that's a lovely question so i just
released my third book
called the power of positivity and
it's a business self-help book and
i'm gonna lean into that because that
actually answers your question
okay as individuals when we're sailing
the way we feel
is how we see the world and you know
there's obviously what we think
is impactful and there's a massive
school of thought out there about
thoughts or real forces what you think
you are and i've seen a gazillion
memes going around on that but what
people
have not leaned into which i explain in
detail in my book is the impact of how
you
feel underpinning that
thought that you have will determine
where in your brain you're thinking it
so let me elaborate on that just a
little bit more if i'm feeling
fearful because my sales manager is
putting huge pressure on me
what will happen is i go oh i need to
make
target and that goes into the areas of
the brain
that elicit a fight flight or freeze
response so
areas like the amygdala and surrounding
areas
what ensues from is that you start then
producing
hormones like cortisol one of many
negative hormones but it's one of them
and what the knock-on effect of cortisol
will be things like inattentional
blindness so what happens there
is you stop seeing the opportunities and
the results that are around you where
you could take them
it causes sleeplessness it causes weight
loss extreme weight loss extreme weight
gain
it causes a number of knock-on effects
now that on a perpetual basis can lead
to depression
among other things if the same
thought i need to make target i'm so
excited i want to go on a big holiday
i'm planning it i'm bringing this in
whatever your motivation is
and it goes to more your prefrontal
cortex and it goes to more
your anterior cingulate and the part of
the brain that elicit a more
positive hormonal reaction in your in
your body
suddenly you start seeing opportunities
and let me put that into
a terminology where i know that sales
people will actually resonate with it'll
be great
when you are selling and you are
way ahead of targets and you feel like
a superhero in sales you can't stop
selling right
people just keep buying from you because
suddenly you just epic
and then dart creeps it and you go oh
oh my goodness but i've been sitting so
what if what if i don't do it next month
and
suddenly it's that knock-on effect and
all that's happened is you've shifted in
your brain from one to another
and it's a ramification that knocks on
so the course that i've created
helps to shift people from the
fear-based part of the brain to the
consciousness part of the brain
and it's taken me nine years to build
that
and to create that dynamic through trial
and error working with groups of people
and the beautiful thing is it is a
formula and it's teachable
and it's repeatable got it okay
so from what we've talked about there it
sounds like there's kind of hormones
that go on
in your brain in your mind that cause
these negativity that can then lead to
bad things like lack of sleep either
gaining weight or losing tons of weight
um but on the same breath if you if
you're on a roll
so if you're if you're making lots of
sales if you're bringing lots of new
business in
that tends to go well so then you tend
to stay on this line for a little while
and then all of a sudden
you might think oh i didn't i didn't
land that deal today or this week was a
bit bad and then you start
start getting these negative thoughts
around in your mind and then you start
to creep on a downward cycle
is there anything we can do tanya
appreciate you've got quite a detailed
process but
we're on quite a short show is there any
top tips that we can say look
this is this is um a few few tips to
keep your mindset
positive or things to focus on that are
going to help you
so every time you are feeling down or
every time you are thinking
that the the target for your business or
your sales target is an absolute
mountain you've got to climb to
put people listening in on the right
path so
what i would say is the first thing is
really and truly understand
your operating system understand who you
are because
each one of us are unique individual
there are no one size fits all and i
think that is a critical thing
need to realize you can't just download
a course and go
yay i'm gonna make it work you have to
understand
who you are and once you do that you can
apply that
to any course and go okay i'm taking
that nugget i'm leaving that nugget
because
it doesn't always only work for that
individual
right so we need to understand that i
think it's a big thing and then the next
thing is
to manage your emotions is incredibly
important
to really introspect and what i've found
with a lot of the people that i've
worked with is if we
we've really got them to understand what
their blocks are
you know these apparently and i i'm not
sure this is what i've heard out there i
haven't got
any conclusive proof of it there are
apparently 24 money blocks
and i've identified all 24 through my
research
and what i find is people have a money
block
and i work them through it to help them
understand and help them get over it
having a money block is a big deal
especially now because if you're what i
call a lack thinker
you will find why you can't sell it
you'll blame the money you'll blame the
price if you're selling on price
the probability is that you've got a
money block
so that's something else that people
really need to lean into besides many
blocks there are tremendous amount of
other blocks that people have
that i'm not good enough flag there are
a number of them
so what i if that's something else that
people can really lean into to
understand
and that dynamic and and then really
understanding the operating system
um from a from a neuroscience
perspective
is powerful knowledge is power and
knowledge about self is power
got it so are we talking about
understanding the issues with yourself
in terms of what's actually holding you
back so
when you say money block does that mean
the actual cost of our product or our
service that we're selling or does that
mean
the money we want to make in terms of
ourselves or in terms of our commission
or does it mean
the targets that we've got can we
explain that a little bit better
that's a good question thank you thank
you and that clarifies quite nicely none
of the below
okay what that is is your
chosen attitude towards money
so you have said oh that's expensive
money block if you are buying on price
if you're experiencing on price and if
you're selling on price
you have a fundamental money block it's
your attitude
towards money that is actually
preventing you
from moving around your obstacle does
that answer your question that makes a
lot more sense so it's more how we're
how we're treating money so i guess
moving this back to sales moving back to
business if we think our products
fairly expensive ourself or if we don't
see the value personally
then that's going to put a huge block on
our minds and then not help us to
actually
close business win deals sell more stuff
cool
interesting all right moving forward
let's let's go on to cnbc
so i think there'll be some interesting
lessons that you can share with us here
so you you've had your own show right
um i'm sure there's a lot of things that
you learned over the years a lot of
things in terms of communication skills
presentation skills that you perhaps
share with us
that could help everyone tuning in well
i absolutely
loved being at cnbc africa it was a
wonderful group of people that i worked
with i can't sing their praises high
enough
and it was quite an interesting dynamic
because i
had so much intellectual property when
it came to
wellness as a as a concept and
i created this show which which i called
healthy business and i went to see
um a gentleman called hilton kelner at a
company called discovery in south africa
and i put the show forward to him and he
loved the concept
and they decided to sponsor the show and
because i had built it i had all the ip
he said look i really think you should
present it so i went back and i said
guys
you know i need to get a crash course on
presenting
it's terrifying i'm not gonna lie you
know the cameraman says he goes five
full
and you just got that for the first time
anyway definitely
and um but you know you get into it and
i really loved it i had an amazing
producer i had a fantastic
team and you start realizing in that in
that time it's really largely about you
and your
team that put the show together i
interviewed it
absolutely incredible people and the
insights were phenomenal from
all of them and one of my favorites was
the sports field versus the boardroom
with a rugby legend
and we he he also he was rugby legend
and he was the ceo of a very successful
company
open strategies between the two which is
actually on my
youtube channel which is so fascinating
to listen to
and um yeah i think it was just it was a
phenomenal time where
you start realizing all these nuances
that go into making a business
successful
it's not just the business plan it's not
just the powerful ceo and his education
it goes way beyond
it's about the team it's about the group
of individuals and
you know we conclusively proved that
soft skills are a critical component
to companies making it and i would say
in this time of
of covert right now when you say the
cream of the crop is rising to the top
of the corporate i was interviewing on
my podcast one of the ladies from bmw
south africa and she was saying what
they're finding is
is that the cream of the crop is really
rising to the top right now within
organizations because they're the ones
that getting
are getting up and just going going
going and that is
fundamentally due to
your emotional intelligence and i think
emotional intelligence is a
very very large component of people who
are thriving in this time
okay so what what are these top
performers doing differently would you
say
in in terms of emotional intelligence so
just for
the people that aren't as clear on what
that means or how we can actually
harness that and there are a few
quick examples we could talk about okay
so i think what's happening
to sort of lean back into what i said
originally is
they are not going into that panic state
and they're not
blaming you know so then you start going
oh it's the fault
of that that i'm not working or it's the
fault of this or i'm not coping or
whatever the case you know
you then sit in a situation where
the minute you start blaming outside of
self for something to happen
that would be that you're not dealing
with it yourself so a high emotional
intelligent person actually says okay
there's a problem how do i fix it how do
i deal with it how do i find my way
and they lead themselves so they self
leaders and also
because they're not blaming outside of
self what's happening is they are
actually not
um they're not fighting with other
people with an organization so often a
lot of infighting takes place within
an organization and here we're sitting
and we're going right
emotionally intelligent people are
sitting back and going
my colleagues are not the enemy here
coverts the enemy we're going to find a
way through this how do we
collectively find a way through this and
they start working as a team
got it no i can certainly relate to that
so it sounds like talking about taking
action
rather than blaming um other people in
your organization
or things going on around you and being
being a self leader
so it might relate to let's say in sales
marketing pass you some bad leads and
you just start blaming them and then you
get yourself into a rut and you start
working up working yourself up and
wasting hours and hours
or perhaps one of your team delivered a
project a little bit poorly or they've
missed the deadline and you start
blaming them and instead of focusing on
the work you need to be doing
you're just distracting yourself working
yourself up and not really getting
anywhere it sounds like
yes absolutely and i think another big
thing that's really coming through for
me
is a lot of people are going work hard
work hard work hard
if you're just working hard you have no
way of knowing
what's going to come into your space my
philosophy and my motto is work smart
and then work hard at it so you need all
those
coaching profiles platforms nuances
to structure and plan and then you work
hard
because you know just getting up there
and seeing eight clients for the sake of
seeing eight clients
online is not actually going to do
anything you know you don't tick a box
dates it's working smart
and hard at it awesome and just before
we move on
i bet like you said you got to interview
some awesome people professional rugby
players and i'm sure many other
celebrities and well-known people this
may be a
a tricky or a bit of an open question
but have you got any secrets any tips
that you could share in terms of how you
got people to really open up
which is something i'm always working
always working on as a host i i guess
there's no silver bullet
but perhaps you had a few strategies on
openers or kind of open any questions
that you would use
that you experienced over the years um i
don't have
a specific strategy and it's not even a
conscious
intention i think um i think when
when you're connecting with someone like
you're connecting with me now it's about
that conversation
and i think you know one one almost
needs to forget that you're being formed
i think it's got to be
that you're so engaged in you know
you're listening to me i'm listening to
you you're feeding back to me
and i think what you're doing is amazing
because it's listening to what i'm
saying
understanding it and then unpacking it
in your terminology which will enable
other people to understand
what i've said better so i think i think
what you're doing is awesome
great i'm not gonna fish for any more
compliments now i promise okay
so what we really want to know now tanya
is a bit more about your company
and how you've built it up because i
know just before we started recording
you said you've
shifted it all to online um since the
pandemics where everything can be done
digitally which is a great move um so
it'd be interesting to know kind of the
early days
what was the light bulb moment why you
started the business and how you've been
able to scale it up to where it is today
okay so in my book actually i explained
the whole journey so if anybody does
read it they'll see that but what
happened was i was working
in a large organization and i had
i'm not going to mention their name
because i'm going to say something this
is really
good and i
um i was very well paid the expectations
on me were not bad at all
and everything was really good i just
had this unbelievable yearning to follow
what i call my life purpose path which
is exactly what i'm doing it's
developing
growing and helping people and in that
organization i was a sales
manager i was i was senior in the in the
organization it was a large
multinational organization
and i felt desperately unfulfilled and
desperately unhappy and sometimes i'd go
home and i think cheese you know be
grateful for what you have for goodness
sake you're so blessed you're so lucky
and i had this
this longing and
on and i suddenly just got this this
opportunity
to move into my own business which i
took with open hands
and i resigned and i started my company
and because my company is
so based on passion so i started in 2011
so that's nine years ago
um and my reason and my need is is so
that i feel
so completely fulfilled by what i do
every time
i get a phone call a message um
and a testimonial from someone or a
company going my goodness thank you so
much or i look at the listing on my
my listed corporates on the jsc the
janus big stock exchange
or any of the other exchanges globally
and i see that the company's flying
it's it's such a amazing feeling
so um what i would say is you know
building a company on
passion waking up in the morning
and and living your dream living your
passion working with people
engaging with people and getting excited
not by the sales bell that goes off but
by the fact that someone's life has
shifted someone's
life has changed it ignites
such a passion in me and and i love that
so much so
i think really that is for me if you can
get to a position in your life where you
waking up doesn't matter what day it is
monday
saturday whatever and you wake up and
you feel
i love what i do i love my life i'm so
thankful for what i do that is possibly
the biggest blessing you could ever
have and that's what my company is based
on i go into organizations
i assess the leadership through
psychometric profiling
and i assess the sales teams because i
think those two are your fundamental
growth points where we can actually
leave them directly back to the
financial bottom line
i lean heavily into financial bottom
line i need to understand that my
input and my outcomes are aligned with
that
and i then um work online actually quite
effectively so what happened was my
company was not at all online it was all
people facing
all over the world so i traveled to nine
countries in 12 months
wow and i know it was crazy
and in fact my last flight in a local
flight i was actually invited to sit
with the pilots in the front of the
plane which was
absolutely effective it was great
and i suddenly woke up on the night on
the
16th of march and all my clients were
saying look
you know we can't um do face-to-face
make a plan so i did
and my entire business is online i coach
online individuals i coach groups online
i do strategies online i do assessments
online my books are out there
so yeah ms teams
all of those things are very possible to
conduct a coaching
intervention organization online
globally
great move and i'd encourage any company
that is able to move digitally to do it
i mean we we did a web choice um we're
obviously a digital marketing company so
about two
one and a half two years ago we found
ourselves traveling a lot so to places
like london different cities around the
uk
and for projects that weren't always
landing deals that weren't always coming
in we were spending 100 pounds on travel
accommodation meeting people spending a
whole day and we thought this isn't
right there's a better way
we just decided to refuse to meet people
face to face did everything over zoom
as a result it made better use of
everyone's time we started making more
revenue so it just made sense we we
moved into that space a long time ago
and any company that's able to work that
way i
understand all are um i'd recommend it
okay so tana talk us through a bit more
um of the marketing channels that you
you've utilized to acquire customers
so be it digital so be it online
marketing of any shape or form
or be offline face-to-face networking
cold calling called email
it'd be interesting to know a few of the
strategies that you've utilized you've
harnessed
and you'd recommend for anyone tuning in
to acquire more customers and generate
more sales properly
okay well the first thing i'm going to
say is i'm the world's worst emailer
known to mankind if anybody knows me
they just don't email me
so it's it's a it's a it's a problem
um but that's authentic and it's honest
i
have brought up a huge reputation over
the past
30 years globally so i think a lot of
my business comes from word of mouth
still today when a
client starts with me they tend to stay
with me and they tend to refer me so
i think referrals for me are a very big
aspect of my my business i'm a
very big fan of linkedin
i think it is a phenomenal platform for
anybody to build a strong and solid
environment i find it a very look it is
the professional
platform but it is professional and i
find that it's a wonderful place to
connect with people to understand what
they're all about you can really learn a
tremendous amount about someone on that
platform
um and you know that's really where i
lean the most into i'm on all platforms
but i give all my energy to linkedin
and um you know the app world also is
is a very big world i'm a huge fan of
apple
my son is actually an app developer and
he has got
a few he's got an app called lazy bones
and
he's got a motivational app as well and
i find that
it's also a very solid strong community
the apple community i really think that
they're amazing
and you know i think a lot of the you
know audible
audiobooks and that kind of thing i've
got an audio book out so i think a lot
of people as well especially
in the sales space prefer to listen to a
book rather than read it
so i would say you know if you're that
person that really battles to read you
get to page 16 and you're falling asleep
or you're drifting off
washing your car um it's funny you
should mention that actually tanya i've
just moved to audible because i'm a
really really slow reader which i think
i've said several times in different
episodes so it takes me about
two minutes to read a page whereas my
fiance 10 seconds later she's page page
page page book done
whereas i'm like five hours later i'm
only 10 pages deep
so i've decided that i need to move to
audio rather than
um scrolling through a snail's pace 100
so i want you to completely dismiss any
judgment you've had to yourself on that
that's why i was jumping in there to
just
like oh no i have to save you so i'm
going to give you a free coaching lesson
right now right next an audio
a visual and something called a
kinesthetic representational system
okay none are better or worse
than each other they are they just are
they how you operate
so you are an audio i don't i don't need
to do a test
okay and in as such you
are more equipped to absorb information
listening to something then you are
reading it
your girlfriend you said she can't say
it beyonce sorry she is a visual
reading is far easier for her now
she's not better than you she's not
worse than you the schooling system has
just decided that that
is hard one should be it's not
necessarily right okay
she's a visual she reads fantastic
you're an audio you listen
fantastic you are equal it's just your
representational system that works now
what happens is a lot of people that are
more audio
because it's deemed
school normal to be a good reader seem
to feel
something negative about themselves
please dismiss that you're amazing
and own the fact that you're an audio
listen to the books download my audio
book and listen to it
no that's great and i think like you say
it's important for people to understand
what works for them
and then consume content in the category
that works for you as long as you
as long as you're learning which is in
my opinion so crucial in sales and
business marketing general
generally sorry it's yeah it's a great
thing okay
um a couple more things you want to
cover tanya
did you say the bulk of your work it
sounds like comes from word of mouth or
referrals
would that be a fair statement okay so
great so have you got any tips on asking
for the perfect referral
because this is something everyone i ask
has got a different opinion on
you know i find that a very interesting
question and if i
when i almost answered i know i'm being
recorded but i'm answering it off the
record
i think if you can provide passion
related service and you really do care
about your customer and you get
phenomenal results
i think people almost can't help
themselves referring you
and i almost feel that that if you need
to ask for a referral
how good was your service
okay that's a good good take and it's a
new take
so i was like new okay that's fair
enough
i get it i get it it's a pillar i get
that it's it's taught and i'm
i'm in my first book head over sales i
say ask for referrals
but you know as you get older and wiser
and you get more lifelines you start
realizing that
it's about how you function and how you
operate that determines your outcomes
so what we're saying is do work or
produce results that are so great
you don't actually need to ask for the
referrals because your customers are
already doing it for you is that right
got it okay cool and then we said
linkedin and you've got three books
tanya
so be interesting to know kind of how
long those took was it hard
um was it hard to come up with all the
ideas a quick snapshot of the lessons
learned and also if they've helped in
terms of
gaining new customers which i guess they
have in terms of building up your
reputation and things like that
okay so i my first book um i wrote in
2014 it's called head over sales that's
the one that's now
in an audio version as well it's very
i thought it was very fundamental when i
wrote it and it was really just
my journey in sales from from 1990
through
to 2014 just a few of the tips and
tricks i picked up along the way that i
really thought everybody knew
and what i've realized subsequently i
had a guidance of 65
wonderful man head of a large
multinational organization at the time
he was the cio
and he turned around and he said tanya i
wish i'd known this stuff when i was
in my 20s 30s 40s 50s and i realized
from him and many other people that
because people typically
we never haven't done a diploma in sales
they haven't spent two years studying
sales and trust me i could probably
write material
that people could study a five year
doctorate in sales
they you don't know what you don't know
and you can never assume that somebody
knows something because it's what they
found along their journey and often
people aren't very conscious of what
they've actually taken in
so as much as i called it my fundamental
book
i think people gain value from it
because it's stuff that they
don't necessarily know or because i
think so differently
they might get a different take like
i've just said on my referrals as much
as in that book i probably will tell you
to go and ask for referrals but that was
written years ago
and then my second book is co-authored
and it's a sales dictionary
and it just gives you you can look up c
for closing and get a little bit of an
excerpt there it's a bit of fun
and it's an easy book to go through and
then the third one which is now my i
mean i'm excited about it and it's it's
very much a passion oriented book
it's really about the neuroscience
underpinning
everything you do so it's not definitive
just how it is definitive to
life because i work with so many leaders
and so many ceo cios cfos across the
continent and large organizations
it's not limited to the business
development aspect it's really a global
book
it's a thought-leading book and it's
it's about
understanding the neuroscience
impact in your life and the byline is
you know are you are you programmed
or are you conscious and
that is is the dynamic that i think is
very important for people to understand
and it's it's really about you know not
what you think where in your brain you
think it
and it all impacts from then if you get
that right
i think that's very much fundamentally
the secret to a successful life
i like it and we'll have to give that a
lesson very soon all right tanya so
a lot of people tuning in or watching um
are probably thinking at some stage
about starting their own company if
they've not done so already so anyone
that's just started their business or
thinking of taking the leap
have you got any words of advice golden
nuggets
and tips tricks that can help them
make it less stressful because i know a
lot of people that have come on have
said look
the first six months the first year are
absolutely hard graph seriously hard
work have you got any
words of wisdom to help them out well
i'm going to actually
lead them to um to google tania kunza
and then to go on to my videos i give
away a tremendous amount
of it because over the years i've
acquired so much and i'm also a firm
believer
of helping people and sharing so
if you if you google my name and then
you go into videos there are about
20 or 30 videos on there where i share
so much and i know a lot of people that
are starting businesses will gain a
tremendous amount from those videos
and obviously if you want to follow me
on linkedin i also share and give away a
lot of tips and tricks
on how they can start and move forward
and then of course the fundamental one
is um
really find out who you are as an
individual and how you operate in this
world because that is your key
i love that brilliant stuffs and as we
like to ask everyone that comes on tanya
if you could thank just one person
either dead or alive having a positive
influence on yourself
and your career so far who would that be
and why
oh i'm gonna sound like such a nerd
right now albert einstein
i don't think we've had him yet
i love him he underpins so much of my
work he just
knew he just got us he just understood
and if you listen to his wisdom
he he knew he had the way through so so
he's my absolute hero and he was the one
that got me
thinking differently excellent well
thanks so much for coming on tanya
everyone you've been tuning in to sam's
business growth show where we sit down
with business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe we find out their story how
marketing has helped them along the way
and it gives you tips and insights to
help you
skyrocket your business and your sales
tanya tell us a quick snapshot of how
people can connect with you and the best
way for people to get in touch
okay so linkedin is great just tag your
queens on linkedin
and you can email me there or you can
follow me
and that will be the greater energy to
connect excellent thanks very much
coming on
my pleasure thank you so much it was
wonderful are you tired of constantly
hunting for new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because your
website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach that
brings idle clients
straight to you connect with sam dunning
on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation
via webchoiceuk.com
that's web webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts